hello Sabre forum a man rune here again
this time I'm reviewing a grab-bag
that a friend bought for me as an early
Christmas present I got a well I
specified metal hilt and blazing red
first off because I didn't have anything
red yet and I wanted to do this as a
tribute saber for an anime character and
red was a fitting color so as you can
see I got an old
Dominick's v2 not something I ever
enjoyed the looks of on online but
having one now I gotta say it looks a
lot better in person than it does in
pictures it the photos don't quite do it
justice it's a little hard to see but
the line here around the the activator
this bump-out is actually kind of
rounded at this this joint here which is
nice it's rounded the same way as the
grooves are so it's a lot smoother as
opposed to the boxy look that you see in
pictures got it with a mid-grade blade
so let me fire it up and show you here
very bright bright red it's it's coming
across a little more purple on video
here but it is a very bright red as a
accent hole in the back not something
I'm a huge fan of I may put it get one
of the brass thumb screws from the
prophecy line and throw that on there
not sure other than that it's a very
very slim hilt as you can see very small
especially compared to the larger sound
equipped v2 s and B 3s that are out
there now and very light very very light
even with the mid grade it is a bit
blade heavy the balance point is around
an inch and a half or so on to the blade
you can see it's balancing pretty good
right here
and you know if you're gripping up on
the emitter it's a pretty good balance
point if you gripping down here where I
feel comfortable with it
it's more of a blade heavy great for
spins it actually handles really well I
really like it it's a nice hilt it's
light
very good it's it's different from the
other hilts that I have its slimmer
lighter faster more of us you know just
bare-bones kind of hilt and I like that
it's different for the record I think
it's going to be a very base
modification for the for this one when I
by the time I get done with it I'm just
doing it over I'm going to put a little
bit of copper paint on a couple sections
and some inscriptions on it and that'll
be about it it's supposed to be for
those of you who know the anime it's
going to be a tribute saver for Ranma of
Ranma 1/2 for those of you that don't
know the anime this is Ranma and this is
Ranma Ranma is a 16 year old Japanese
boy who gets curse on a training journey
in China and now turns into a girl
whenever he gets hit with cold water and
hot water switches him back it's
absolutely hilarious if you haven't
heard of it or seen it look it up on
YouTube you will laugh your head off
it's an epic epic show other than that
once again here's the old Dominic's fee
to light a little bit blade heavy slim
good grip grooves give you lots of
grooves gives you a very solid grip
anywhere on the hilt whether you're
making use of the grip bump here at the
activator or if you want to grip low
high either one works great
nice hilt and a good buy as a grab bag
very very good purchase if I'd paid for
it myself I'd be extremely happy having
gotten it as a gift I'm twice as happy
so there you have it may the force be
with you